docs(nextjs): document the route manifest injection option (#16076)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/configuration/build/index.mdx

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="routeManifestInjection" type="boolean|object" defaultValue="true">

<AvailableSince version="10.34.0" />

Controls the behavior of the route manifest injection into the client bundle.

> The route manifest is a build-time generated mapping of your Next.js App Router routes that enables Sentry to group transactions by parameterized route names (e.g., `/users/:id` instead of `/users/123`, `/users/456`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The route manifest is a build-time generated mapping of your Next.js App Router routes that enables Sentry to group transactions by parameterized route names (for example, `/users/:id` instead of `/users/123`, `/users/456`).
```
